gh-148474: Fix _Py_hexlify_simd compilation with older clang (#148475)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Build/2026-04-12-22-54-16.gh-issue-148474.ouIO8R.rst

> Fixed compilation of _Py_hexlify_simd with older clang versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed compilation of :file:`Python/pystrhex.c` with older clang versions.
```
